kanji-practice/README.md, before:

Kanji Practice
==============

A writing based, minimalistic flashcard (SRS, Spaced Repetition System) app for
learning Japanese kanji.

Key differences from other similar apps:

 * **Dark colorshceme**.

 * **No stroke recognition**, so you won't experience the frustration of the
   app repeatedly failing to accept a correct stroke.

 * **No subscription fees, no data privacy concerns.** All your flashcard data
   is located on your device, so the control is 100% yours. This also means
   that for example if you want to make a backup copy of your learning data
   from time to time, you will have to use the appropriate items from the app's
   menu to manually export them from the app.

 * It's **a single HTML file that you can download to your phone, tablet, or
   computer** and use it from your local file system in a browser, even without
   an internet connection. This also means that you don't have to worry about
   an update introducing unwanted changes. You can even change the source code
   if you want to. (Note: the app's data storage in the browser is associated
   with its location and file name, so before changing these, make sure to save
   your deck of flashcards using the menu in order to avoid losing them.)

 * It's **completely offline**, there's no background communication with any
   servers, so it won't start lagging and glitching while you are practising.
   This also implies that you will have to manually save or export your
   flashcards using the app's menu if you want to transfer and access them from
   a different device.

Acknowledgements
----------------

This software uses stroke data from Ulrich Apel's [KanjiVG][kanjivg] project.
(See also: [KanjiVG on GitHub][kanjivggithub].)

  [kanjivg]: https://kanjivg.tagaini.net/
  [kanjivggithub]: https://github.com/KanjiVG/kanjivg/

This projects uses kanji data from the [KANJIDIC][kanjidic] dictionary files.
These files are the property of the [Electronic Dictionary Research and
Development Group][edrdg] and are used in conformance with the Group's
[license][edrdglic].

  [kanjidic]: https://www.edrdg.org/wiki/index.php/KANJIDIC_Project
  [edrdg]: http://www.edrdg.org/
  [edrdglic]: http://www.edrdg.org/edrdg/licence.html

Commit message:

kanji-practice: add built-in flashcard decks

kanji-practice/README.md, after:

Kanji Practice
==============

A writing based, minimalistic flashcard (SRS, Spaced Repetition System) app for
learning Japanese kanji.

Key differences from other similar apps:

 * **Dark colorshceme**.

 * **No stroke recognition**, so you won't experience the frustration of the
   app repeatedly failing to accept a correct stroke.

 * **No subscription fees, no data privacy concerns.** All your flashcard data
   is located on your device, so the control is 100% yours. This also means
   that for example if you want to make a backup copy of your learning data
   from time to time, you will have to use the appropriate items from the app's
   menu to manually export them from the app.

 * It's **a single HTML file that you can download to your phone, tablet, or
   computer** and use it from your local file system in a browser, even without
   an internet connection. This also means that you don't have to worry about
   an update introducing unwanted changes. You can even change the source code
   if you want to. (Note: the app's data storage in the browser is associated
   with its location and file name, so before changing these, make sure to save
   your deck of flashcards using the menu in order to avoid losing them.)

 * It's **completely offline**, there's no background communication with any
   servers, so it won't start lagging and glitching while you are practising.
   This also implies that you will have to manually save or export your
   flashcards using the app's menu if you want to transfer and access them from
   a different device.

Acknowledgements
----------------

This software uses stroke data from Ulrich Apel's [KanjiVG][kanjivg] project.
(See also: [KanjiVG on GitHub][kanjivggithub].)

  [kanjivg]: https://kanjivg.tagaini.net/
  [kanjivggithub]: https://github.com/KanjiVG/kanjivg/

This software uses the [EDICT][edict] and [KANJIDIC][kanjidic] dictionary
files. These files are the property of the [Electronic Dictionary Research and
Development Group][edrdg] and are used in conformance with the Group's
[license][edrdglic].

  [edict]: http://www.csse.monash.edu.au/~jwb/edict.html
  [kanjidic]: https://www.edrdg.org/wiki/index.php/KANJIDIC_Project
  [edrdg]: http://www.edrdg.org/
  [edrdglic]: http://www.edrdg.org/edrdg/licence.html

Most of the example sentences in the built-in decks come from the
[Tatoeba][tatoeba] project and the [Tanaka Corpus][tanaka], which are licensed
under [Creative Commons CC-BY][cc-by-fr].

  [tatoeba]: http://tatoeba.org/
  [tanaka]: https://www.edrdg.org/wiki/index.php/Tanaka_Corpus
  [cc-by-fr]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/fr/
